Docs: Migrating from Grafana Agent Operator to Flow (#5259)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/getting-started/migrating-from-operator.md

---
canonical: https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/getting-started/migrating-from-operator/
description: Migrating from Grafana Agent Operator to Grafana Agent Flow
menuTitle: Migrate from Operator
title: Migrating from Grafana Agent Operator to Grafana Agent Flow
weight: 320
---

# Migrating from Grafana Agent Operator to Grafana Agent Flow

With the release of flow, Grafana Agent Operator is no longer the recommended way to deploy Grafana Agent in Kubernetes. Some of the Operator functionality has been moved into Grafana Agent
itself, and the remaining functionality has been replaced by our Helm Chart.

> - The Monitor types (`PodMonitor`, `ServiceMonitor`, `Probe`, and `LogsInstance`) are all supported natively by Grafana Agent in Flow mode. You no longer are 

Reviewer: I wonder if this should be a snippet that we could include also in the index page of the operator.

Author: Great idea, but probably slightly different wording. Will discuss seperately.

> 

Reviewer 2: Extra line?
```suggestion
```

---
canonical: https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/getting-started/migrating-from-operator/
description: Migrating from Grafana Agent Operator to Grafana Agent Flow
menuTitle: Migrate from Operator
title: Migrating from Grafana Agent Operator to Grafana Agent Flow
weight: 320
---

# Migrating from Grafana Agent Operator to Grafana Agent Flow

> With the release of flow, Grafana Agent Operator is no longer the recommended way to deploy Grafana Agent. Some of the Operator functionality has been moved into Grafana Agent

Reviewer 2: nit
```suggestion
With the release of flow, Grafana Agent Operator is no longer the recommended way to deploy Grafana Agent in Kubernetes. Some of the Operator functionality has been moved into Grafana Agent
```

itself, and the remaining functionality has been replaced by our Helm Chart.

- The Monitor types (`PodMonitor`, `ServiceMonitor`, `Probe`, and `LogsInstance`) are all supported natively by Grafana Agent in Flow mode. You no longer are 
required to use the Operator to consume those CRDs for dynamic monitoring in your cluster.

> - The parts of the Operator that deploy the agent itself (`GrafanaAgent`, `MetricsInstance`, and `LogsInstance` CRDs) are depricated. We now recommend

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The parts of the Operator that deploy the agent itself (`GrafanaAgent`, `MetricsInstance`, and `LogsInstance` CRDs) are deprecated. We now recommend
```

operator users use the [Grafana Agent Helm Chart](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/setup/install/kubernetes/) to deploy the Agent directly to your clusters.

This guide will provide some steps to get started with Grafana Agent for users coming from Grafana Agent Operator.

## Deploy Grafana Agent with Helm

1. You will need to create a `values.yaml` file, which contains options for how to deploy your agent. You may start with the [default values](https://github.com/grafana/agent/blob/main/operations/helm/charts/grafana-agent/values.yaml) and customize as you see fit, or start with this snippet, which should be a good starting point for what the operator does:

    ```yaml
    agent:
      mode: 'flow'
      configMap:
        create: true
      clustering:
        enabled: true
    controller:
      type: 'statefulset'
    replicas: 2
    ```

>     This config will use Grafana Agent's built in [clustering]() to allow distributing scrapes across all Agent Pods.

Reviewer 2: Should a link be here?
```suggestion
    This config will use Grafana Agent's built in [clustering](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/concepts/clustering/) to allow distributing scrapes across all Agent Pods.
```

2. Create a flow config file, `agent.river`.

    You can add any config you need directly to this file.

3. Install the grafana helm repository:

    ```
    helm repo add grafana https://grafana.github.io/helm-charts
    helm repo update
    ```

4. Create a helm relase. You may name the relase anything you like. Here we are installing a release named `grafana-agent` in the `monitoring` namespace.

    ```
    helm upgrade grafana-agent grafana/grafana-agent -i -n monitoring -f values.yaml --set-file agent.configMap.content=agent.river
    ```

    This command uses the `--set-file` flag to pass the config file as a helm value, so that we can continue to edit it as a regular river file.

> ## Convert `MetricsIntances` to flow components.

Reviewer 2: nit
```suggestion
## Convert `MetricsIntances` to flow components
```

A `MetricsInstance` resource primarily defines:

> - The remote endpoint(s) Grafana Agent to send metrics to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The remote endpoint(s) Grafana Agent should send metrics to.
```

}

prometheus.remote_write "primary" {
    endpoint {
        url = your_remote_write_URL
        basic_auth {
            username = nonsensitive(remote.kubernetes.secret.credentials.data["username"])
            password = remote.kubernetes.secret.credentials.data["password"]
        }
    }
}

prometheus.operator.podmonitors "primary" {
    forward_to = [prometheus.remote_write.primary.receiver]
    selector {
        key = "instance"
        operator = "In"
        values = ["primary"]
    }
}

prometheus.operator.servicemonitors "primary" {
    forward_to = [prometheus.remote_write.primary.receiver]
    selector {
        key = "instance"
        operator = "In"
        values = ["primary"]
    }
}

prometheus.operator.probes "primary" {
    forward_to = [prometheus.remote_write.primary.receiver]
    selector {
        key = "instance"
        operator = "In"
        values = ["primary"]
    }
}

```

This config will discover all `PodMonitor`, `ServiceMonitor`, and `Probe` resources in your cluster that match our label selector `instance=primary`. It will then scrape metrics from their targets, and forward them on to your remote write endpoint.

> If you are using additional features in your `MetricsInstance` resources, you may need to further customize this config. Please see the documentation for the relevant components fot additional information:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using additional features in your `MetricsInstance` resources, you may need to further customize this config. Please see the documentation for the relevant components for additional information:
```

---
canonical: https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/getting-started/migrating-from-operator/
description: Migrating from Grafana Agent Operator to Grafana Agent Flow
menuTitle: Migrate from Operator
title: Migrating from Grafana Agent Operator to Grafana Agent Flow
weight: 320
---

# Migrating from Grafana Agent Operator to Grafana Agent Flow

With the release of Flow, Grafana Agent Operator is no longer the recommended way to deploy Grafana Agent in Kubernetes. Some of the Operator functionality has been moved into Grafana Agent
itself, and the remaining functionality has been replaced by our Helm Chart.

> - The Monitor types (`PodMonitor`, `ServiceMonitor`, `Probe`, and `LogsInstance`) are all supported natively by Grafana Agent in Flow mode. You no longer are 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The Monitor types (`PodMonitor`, `ServiceMonitor`, `Probe`, and `LogsInstance`) are all supported natively by Grafana Agent in Flow mode. You are no longer
```

required to use the Operator to consume those CRDs for dynamic monitoring in your cluster.

> - The parts of the Operator that deploy the agent itself (`GrafanaAgent`, `MetricsInstance`, and `LogsInstance` CRDs) are deprecated. We now recommend

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The parts of the Operator that deploy the Agent itself (`GrafanaAgent`, `MetricsInstance`, and `LogsInstance` CRDs) are deprecated. We now recommend
```

operator users use the [Grafana Agent Helm Chart](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/setup/install/kubernetes/) to deploy the Agent directly to your clusters.

This guide will provide some steps to get started with Grafana Agent for users coming from Grafana Agent Operator.

## Deploy Grafana Agent with Helm

> 1. You will need to create a `values.yaml` file, which contains options for how to deploy your agent. You may start with the [default values](https://github.com/grafana/agent/blob/main/operations/helm/charts/grafana-agent/values.yaml) and customize as you see fit, or start with this snippet, which should be a good starting point for what the operator does:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. You will need to create a `values.yaml` file, which contains options for how to deploy your Agent. You may start with the [default values](https://github.com/grafana/agent/blob/main/operations/helm/charts/grafana-agent/values.yaml) and customize as you see fit, or start with this snippet, which should be a good starting point for what the operator does:
```

> 1. You will need to create a `values.yaml` file, which contains options for how to deploy your Agent. You may start with the [default values](https://github.com/grafana/agent/blob/main/operations/helm/charts/grafana-agent/values.yaml) and customize as you see fit, or start with this snippet, which should be a good starting point for what the operator does:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. You will need to create a `values.yaml` file, which contains options for deploying your Agent. You may start with the [default values](https://github.com/grafana/agent/blob/main/operations/helm/charts/grafana-agent/values.yaml) and customize as you see fit, or start with this snippet, which should be a good starting point for what the Operator does:
```

    ```yaml
    agent:
      mode: 'flow'
      configMap:
        create: true
      clustering:
        enabled: true
    controller:
      type: 'statefulset'
    replicas: 2
    crds:
      create: false
    ```

>     This config will deploy Grafana Agent as a `StatefulSet` using the built in [clustering](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/concepts/clustering/) functionality to allow distributing scrapes across all Agent Pods. 

Reviewer: Would be this most common scenario when deploying the agent with helm?

Author: We don't have a good story for deploying shards with helm, so the choices are really "clustering" or "just one instance".

Given the state of clustering (I love it), I'd like to proceed like this, but if we have serious stability concerns, we can discuss.

>     This config will deploy Grafana Agent as a `StatefulSet` using the built in [clustering](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/concepts/clustering/) functionality to allow distributing scrapes across all Agent Pods. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    This configuration will deploy Grafana Agent as a `StatefulSet` using the built-in [clustering](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/concepts/clustering/) functionality to allow distributing scrapes across all Agent Pods. 
```

>     This is not the only deployment mode possible. For example, you may desire a `DaemonSet` if collecting host level logs or metrics. See [this page](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/setup/deploy-agent/) for more details about different topologies.

Reviewer 2: Might be good to have a more descriptive link text, maybe something like:
```suggestion
    This is not the only deployment mode possible. For example, you may desire a `DaemonSet` if collecting host level logs or metrics. See [the Agent deployment guide](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/setup/deploy-agent/) for more details about different topologies.
```

2. Create a flow config file, `agent.river`.

>     You can add any config you need directly to this file.

Reviewer 2: Might be good to link to the guide for migrating static configs to flow ones, e.g.:
```suggestion
    You can add any config you need directly to this file. See [Migrating from Static](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/getting-started/migrating-from-static/) for how to migrate a static mode config to Flow.
```

Reviewer: Should we also add an example of agent flow config? If in the first step were are showing an snippet with an specific config example, why not here?

Author: If they're operator users, they won't have directly interacted with static config, so I'm not sure how relevant that is. Since all the config comes from crds, there isn't any real "initial config", other than what they add below to correspond with a metrics instance. Maybe I can clarify that at least.

3. Install the grafana helm repository:

    ```
    helm repo add grafana https://grafana.github.io/helm-charts
    helm repo update
    ```

> 4. Create a helm relase. You may name the relase anything you like. Here we are installing a release named `grafana-agent-metrics` in the `monitoring` namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Create a helm release. You may name the release anything you like. Here we are installing a release named `grafana-agent-metrics` in the `monitoring` namespace.
```

    ```
    helm upgrade grafana-agent-metrics grafana/grafana-agent -i -n monitoring -f values.yaml --set-file agent.configMap.content=agent.river
    ```

>     This command uses the `--set-file` flag to pass the config file as a helm value, so that we can continue to edit it as a regular river file.

Reviewer: @clayton-cornell correct me if I'm wrong, but shouldn't we capitalize all product/tools like helm, river o flow?

Reviewer 3: Yes, you're right. I've added a suggestion.

> 4. Create a helm release. You may name the release anything you like. Here we are installing a release named `grafana-agent-metrics` in the `monitoring` namespace.
> 
>     ```
>     helm upgrade grafana-agent-metrics grafana/grafana-agent -i -n monitoring -f values.yaml --set-file agent.configMap.content=agent.river
>     ```
> 
>     This command uses the `--set-file` flag to pass the config file as a helm value, so that we can continue to edit it as a regular river file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. Create a Helm release. You may name the release anything you like. Here we are installing a release named `grafana-agent-metrics` in the `monitoring` namespace.

    ```shell
    helm upgrade grafana-agent-metrics grafana/grafana-agent -i -n monitoring -f values.yaml --set-file agent.configMap.content=agent.river
    ```

    This command uses the `--set-file` flag to pass the configuration file as a Hhelm value, so that we can continue to edit it as a regular River file.
```

## Convert `MetricsIntances` to flow components

A `MetricsInstance` resource primarily defines:

- The remote endpoint(s) Grafana Agent should send metrics to.
- Which `PodMonitor`, `ServiceMonitor`, and `Probe` resources this Agent should discover.

These functions can be done in Grafana Agent Flow with the `prometheus.remote_write`, `prometheus.operator.podmonitors`, `prometheus.operator.servicemonitors`, and `prometheus.operator.probes` components respectively.

> This is a river sample that is equivalent to the `MetricsInstance` from our [operator guide](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/operator/deploy-agent-operator-resources/#deploy-a-metricsinstance-resource):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This is a River sample that is equivalent to the `MetricsInstance` from our [operator guide](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/operator/deploy-agent-operator-resources/#deploy-a-metricsinstance-resource):
```

```river

// read the credentials secret for remote_write authorization
remote.kubernetes.secret "credentials" {

>   namespace = "monitoring"
>   name = "primary-credentials-metrics"

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
  namespace = "monitoring"
  name      = "primary-credentials-metrics"
```

}

prometheus.remote_write "primary" {
    endpoint {

>         url = "https://PROMETHEUS_URL/api/prom/push"

Reviewer 2: I think that `api/prom/push` is an older [push endpoint for loki](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/reference/api/#examples-11), mimir [expects api/v1/push](https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/latest/references/http-api/), and prometheus expects [api/v1/write](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/storage/#overview).

Maybe we should use the mimir one or stub the whole thing out and move the possibilities to the note below the snippet?

        basic_auth {
            username = nonsensitive(remote.kubernetes.secret.credentials.data["username"])
            password = remote.kubernetes.secret.credentials.data["password"]
        }
    }
}

prometheus.operator.podmonitors "primary" {
    forward_to = [prometheus.remote_write.primary.receiver]
    // leave out selector to find all podmonitors in the entire cluster
    selector {
        match_labels = {instance = "primary"}
    }
}

prometheus.operator.servicemonitors "primary" {
    forward_to = [prometheus.remote_write.primary.receiver]
    // leave out selector to find all servicemonitors in the entire cluster
    selector {
        match_labels = {instance = "primary"}
    }
}

```

> You will need to replace `PROMETHEUS_URL` with the actual endpoint you want to send metrics to.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You must replace `PROMETHEUS_URL` with the endpoint you want to send metrics to.
```

This configuration will discover all `PodMonitor`, `ServiceMonitor`, and `Probe` resources in your cluster that match our label selector `instance=primary`. It will then scrape metrics from their targets, and forward them on to your remote write endpoint.

> If you are using additional features in your `MetricsInstance` resources, you may need to further customize this config. Please see the documentation for the relevant components for additional information:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You may need to customize this configuration further if you use additional features in your `MetricsInstance` resources.  Refer to the documentation for the relevant components for additional information:
```

- [prometheus.operator.podmonitors](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/prometheus.operator.podmonitors)
- [prometheus.operator.servicemonitors](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/prometheus.operator.servicemonitors)
- [prometheus.operator.probes](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/prometheus.operator.probes)
- [prometheus.scrape](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/prometheus.scrape)

## Collecting Logs

Our current recommendation is to create an additional DaemonSet deployment of Grafana Agents to scrape logs.

> We have components that can scrape pod logs directly from the Kubernetes API without needing a DaemonSet deployment. These are 
> still considered experimental, but if you would like to try them, see the documentation for [loki.source.kubernetes](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/loki.source.kubernetes/) and 
> [loki.source.podlogs](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/loki.source.podlogs/).

> These values are close to what the operator currently deploys for logs:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
These values are close to what the Operator currently deploys for logs:
```

```yaml
agent:
  mode: 'flow'
  configMap:
    create: true
  clustering:
    enabled: false
  controller:
    type: 'daemonset'
  mounts:
    # -- Mount /var/log from the host into the container for log collection.
    varlog: true
```

This command will install a release named `grafana-agent-logs` in the `monitoring` namespace:

```
helm upgrade grafana-agent-logs grafana/grafana-agent -i -n monitoring -f values-logs.yaml --set-file agent.configMap.content=agent-logs.river
```

This simple configuration will scrape logs for every pod on each node:

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```river
```

// read the credentials secret for remote_write authorization
remote.kubernetes.secret "credentials" {

>   namespace = "monitoring"
>   name = "primary-credentials-logs"

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
  namespace = "monitoring"
  name      = "primary-credentials-logs"
```

}

discovery.kubernetes "pods" {
  role = "pod"
  // limit to pods on this node to reduce amount we need to filter
  selectors {

>     role = "pod"
>     field = "spec.nodeName=" + env("HOSTNAME")

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
    role  = "pod"
    field = "spec.nodeName=" + env("HOSTNAME")
```

  }
}

discovery.relabel "pod_logs" {
  targets = discovery.kubernetes.pods.targets

>   rule {
>     source_labels = ["__meta_kubernetes_namespace"]
>     target_label = "namespace"
>   }
>   rule {
>     source_labels = ["__meta_kubernetes_pod_name"]
>     target_label = "pod"
>   }
>   rule {
>     source_labels = ["__meta_kubernetes_pod_container_name"]
>     target_label = "container"
>   }
>   rule {
>     source_labels = ["__meta_kubernetes_namespace", "__meta_kubernetes_pod_name"]
>     separator = "/"
>     target_label = "job"
>   }
>   rule {
>     source_labels = ["__meta_kubernetes_pod_uid", "__meta_kubernetes_pod_container_name"]
>     separator = "/"
>     action = "replace"
>     replacement = "/var/log/pods/*$1/*.log"
>     target_label = "__path__"

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
  rule {
    source_labels = ["__meta_kubernetes_namespace"]
    target_label  = "namespace"
  }
  rule {
    source_labels = ["__meta_kubernetes_pod_name"]
    target_label  = "pod"
  }
  rule {
    source_labels = ["__meta_kubernetes_pod_container_name"]
    target_label  = "container"
  }
  rule {
    source_labels = ["__meta_kubernetes_namespace", "__meta_kubernetes_pod_name"]
    separator     = "/"
    target_label  = "job"
  }
  rule {
    source_labels = ["__meta_kubernetes_pod_uid", "__meta_kubernetes_pod_container_name"]
    separator     = "/"
    action        = "replace"
    replacement   = "/var/log/pods/*$1/*.log"
    target_label  = "__path__"
```

  }
}

local.file_match "pod_logs" {
  path_targets = discovery.relabel.pod_logs.output
}

loki.source.file "pod_logs" {
  targets    = local.file_match.pod_logs.targets
  forward_to = [loki.process.pod_logs.receiver]
}

// basic processing to parse the container format. You can add additional processing stages
// to match your application logs.
loki.process "pod_logs" {
  stage.match {
    selector = "{tmp_container_runtime=\"containerd\"}"
    // the cri processing stage extracts the following k/v pairs: log, stream, time, flags
    stage.cri {}
    // Set the extract flags and stream values as labels
    stage.labels {
      values = {

>         flags  = "",
>         stream  = "",

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
        flags   = "",
        stream  = "",
```

      }
    }
  }

  // if the label tmp_container_runtime from above is docker parse using docker
  stage.match {
    selector = "{tmp_container_runtime=\"docker\"}"
    // the docker processing stage extracts the following k/v pairs: log, stream, time
    stage.docker {}

    // Set the extract stream value as a label
    stage.labels {
      values = {
        stream  = "",
      }
    }
  }

  // drop the temporary container runtime label as it is no longer needed
  stage.label_drop {
    values = ["tmp_container_runtime"]
  }

  forward_to = [loki.write.loki.receiver]
}

loki.write "loki" {
  endpoint {

>     url = "https://LOKI_URL/api/v1/push"

Reviewer 2: From [loki docs](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/reference/api/#push-log-entries-to-loki):
```suggestion
    url = "https://LOKI_URL/loki/api/v1/push"
```

    basic_auth {
      username = nonsensitive(remote.kubernetes.secret.credentials.data["username"])
      password = remote.kubernetes.secret.credentials.data["password"]
    }
}
}
```

You will need to replace `LOKI_URL` with the actual endpoint of your Loki instance. The logging subsytem is very powerful
and has many options for processing logs. For further details see the [component documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/).

## Integrations

> The `Integration` CRD is not supported with Grafana Agent Flow, however all static mode integrations have an eqivalent component in the [`prometheus.exporter`](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components) namespace. The reference docs should help convert those integrations to their flow equivalent.

Reviewer: Do we want to mention here `loki.source.kubernetes_events` as it was an integration that was not an exporter? WDYT here documenting `prometheus.exporter` component configured to run in combination with `MetricsIntances` replacements?

Author: MetricsInstance didn't specify any integrations, there was a seperate CRD for that which took pretty free-form arguments. What if we added an info box on the static mode [integration pages](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/static/configuration/integrations/dnsmasq-exporter-config/) that linked to the matching flow component?

> The `Integration` CRD is not supported with Grafana Agent Flow, however all static mode integrations have an eqivalent component in the [`prometheus.exporter`](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components) namespace. The reference docs should help convert those integrations to their Flow equivalent.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `Integration` CRD is not supported with Grafana Agent Flow, however all static mode integrations have an equivalent component in the [`prometheus.exporter`](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components) namespace. The reference docs should help convert those integrations to their Flow equivalent.
```

    helm repo update
    ```

4. Create a Helm release. You may name the release anything you like. Here we are installing a release named `grafana-agent-metrics` in the `monitoring` namespace.

    ```shell
    helm upgrade grafana-agent-metrics grafana/grafana-agent -i -n monitoring -f values.yaml --set-file agent.configMap.content=agent.river
    ```

>     This command uses the `--set-file` flag to pass the configuration file as a Hhelm value, so that we can continue to edit it as a regular River file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    This command uses the `--set-file` flag to pass the configuration file as a Helm value, so that we can continue to edit it as a regular River file.
```

Ooops.. didn't delete the extra h

## Collecting Logs

Our current recommendation is to create an additional DaemonSet deployment of Grafana Agents in order to scrape logs.

> We do have a components that can scrape pod logs directly from the kubernetes api without needing a DaemonSet deployment. These are 

> > still considered experimental, but if you would like to try them, see documentation for [loki.source.kubernetes](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/loki.source.kubernetes/) and 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> still considered experimental, but if you would like to try them, see the documentation for [loki.source.kubernetes](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/loki.source.kubernetes/) and 
```

> [loki.source.podlogs](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/loki.source.podlogs/).

These values are close to what the operator currently deploys for logs:

```yaml
agent:
  mode: 'flow'
  configMap:
    create: true
  clustering:
    enabled: false
  controller:
    type: 'daemonset'
  mounts:
    # -- Mount /var/log from the host into the container for log collection.
    varlog: true
```

This command will instal a release named `grafana-agent-logs` in the `monitoring` namespace:

```
helm upgrade grafana-agent-logs grafana/grafana-agent -i -n monitoring -f values-logs.yaml --set-file agent.configMap.content=agent-logs.river
```

> This is a simple config that will scrape logs for every pod on each node. For more logging examples see [examples in our modules repo]().

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This simple configuration will scrape logs for every pod on each node. For more logging examples, refer to the [examples in our modules repo]().
```
